---
layout: post
title: Neighbour Aaron
tags:
- 生活
- 城市
categories: 知北
description:  日子就像是河流里面的水，总是无休止的流淌；生活却不一样，不会总是很顺畅。时间到了这个地方仍然不想停一下，多少回忆，像水中的委曲的漩涡，不知是哪里来的力量，不管不顾地就走了。
---
 日子就像是河流里面的水，总是无休止的流淌；生活却不一样，不会总是很顺畅。时间到了这个地方仍然不想停一下，多少回忆，像水中的委曲的漩涡，不知是哪里来的力量，不管不顾地就走了。
－－－－题记




Time is like the water in a river, it never stops running, but life is not, or at least not always so smoothly. With time passing by, it didn’t even thought about staying, like the water in the whirlpool, no slowing down, no hesitation, no seeing back. It’s just gone with all the memory left behind.

Franz Kafka once asked three questions to check the differences between one’s job and so 
called career,: “whether you like it, whether you like it even if there may be no 
payback ,whether you like it for a life long time.” The answers of Aaron’s are simply 
“No”. Aaron guesses there must be some big differences. So the next thing he has to do is 
to think clearly, what the real is, what the necessary is, what the meaningful thing is. 
As long as he knows the next step that he is waiting for is a decision when he gets ready, 
and he hopes the day not too far.

“Live my life simply” Aaron told himself, as what his friend said years before. That 
period, he regarded the simple as the good, and then what waked him up every morning is 
not his dream nor his alarm but the wind that flows softly from the window. While three 
months later, he got another words which are “living is something about suffering” 
translated by one of his roommates. Sometimes he thought of the article years before —
pepper potato, which was totally telling Aaron’s story. “But still he didn’t know why, he 
was just standing there when the words got broken into pieces.”

Aaron wanted to travel, to go to some strange places; Aaron planned to make friends with 
all the nice approachable people, Aaron would like to be a kind person. Aaron was also 
longing for the free and useless soul Though Aaron got simply nothing on hand. Finally he 
got a lesson from the reality.

It seems like that the destiny have already been written there on some historical walls 
somewhere unknown. The whole facial reality is like a huge tatemae, but Aaron is not a 
yokozuna, nothing but a fresh-man. “For the country, for the way” ryouma’s words means too 
graceful. What Aaron has missed, they were missed, there may be not such a thing as too 
much but there gotta be such a thing as being too late.
